docs: Updating Readme (#1122)
Bearer/bearer: README.md

  * A01: Access control (e.g. Path Traversal, Open Redirect, Exposure of Sensitive Information).
  * A02: Cryptographic Failures (e.g. Weak Algorithm, Insecure Communication).
  * A03: Injection (e.g. SQL Injection, Input Validation, XSS, XPath).
  * A04: Design (e.g. Missing Encryption of Sensitive Data, Persistent Cookies Containing Sensitive Information).
  * A05: Security Misconfiguration (e.g. Cleartext Storage of Sensitive Information in a Cookie or JWT).
  * A07: Identification and Authentication Failures (e.g. Use of Hard-coded Password, Improper Certificate Validation).
  * A08: Data Integrity Failures (e.g. Deserialization of Untrusted Data).
  * A09: Security Logging and Monitoring Failures (e.g. Insertion of Sensitive Information into Log File).
  * A10: Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF).
  
  *Note: all the rules and their code patterns are accessible through the [documentation](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/rules/).*

> * **Privacy risks** with the ability to detect [sensitive data flow](https://docs.bearer.com/explanations/discovery-and-classification/) such as the use of PII, PHI in your app, and [components](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/recipes/) processing sensitive data (e.g. database like pgSQL, third-party API such as OpenAI, Sentry, etc.). This helps generate a [privacy report](https://docs.bearer.com/guides/privacy/) relevant for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Privacy risks** with the ability to detect [sensitive data flow](https://docs.bearer.com/explanations/discovery-and-classification/) such as the use of PII, PHI in your app, and [components](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/recipes/) processing sensitive data (e.g. databases like pgSQL, third-party APIs such as OpenAI, Sentry, etc.). This helps generate a [privacy report](https://docs.bearer.com/guides/privacy/) relevant for:
```
